[#175919444] Add public endpoints (#3)
pagopa/azure-pipeline-templates: templates/rest-healthcheck/README.md

    parameters:
      azureSubscription: mySubscription
      appName: myAppname
      endpoint: 'https://myAppname.azurewebsites.net/my-endpoint'
      endpointType: 'private' #or public
      headers: 'KEY1=$(MY-VALUE) KEY2=$(MY-SECRET)'
      containerInstanceResourceGroup: my-resource-group
      containerInstanceVNet: my-vnet
      containerInstanceSubnet: my-subnet
```

## Parameters

| param                          | description                                                         | default                 |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
| azureSubscription              | Azure Subscription we run the script with                           |                         |
| appName                        | The name of the app in the Azure account                            |                         |
| endpoint                       | The endpoint to call                                                |                         |
| endpointType                   | Set if endpoint is public or private                                |                         |

> | headers                        | Set custom headers                                                  |                         |

Reviewer: Please spend a some more words about the format of this value and the default behaviour

Author: done!

> | param                          | description                                                                  | default                 |
> | ------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
> | azureSubscription              | Azure Subscription we run the script with                                    |                         |
> | appName                        | The name of the app in the Azure account                                     |                         |
> | endpoint                       | The endpoint to call                                                         |                         |
> | endpointType                   | Set if endpoint is public or private                                         |                         |
> | headers                        | If needed add custom headers to HTTP request in KEY=VALUE format             |                         |
> | containerInstanceCpu           | Max container CPU allocation (only for private endpoint)                     | 0.5 (minimum allocable) |
> | containerInstanceMemory        | Max container memory allocation (only for private endpoint)                  | 0.5 (minimum allocable) |
> | containerInstanceResourceGroup | The resource group the container is mounted with (only for private endpoint) |                         |
> | containerInstanceVNet          | The VNet the container is mounted onto (only for private endpoint)           |                         |
> | containerInstanceSubnet        | The subnet the container is mounted onto (only for private endpoint)         |                         |

Reviewer: I think it's better to be explicit on what argument is required and when. Also, container-relate paramenters are always required except for vnet, aren't them?

```suggestion
| param                          | description                                                                     | default                 | required                        |
|--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|---------------------------------|
| azureSubscription              | Azure Subscription we run the script with                                       |                         | true                            |
| appName                        | The name of the app in the Azure account                                        |                         | true                            |
| endpoint                       | The endpoint to call                                                            |                         | true                            |
| endpointType                   | Weather the endpoint is exposed on public network. Value: `public` or `private` |                         | true                            |
| headers                        | If needed add custom headers to HTTP request in KEY=VALUE format                |                         | only if `endpointType: public`  |
| containerInstanceCpu           | Max container CPU allocation                                                    | 0.5 (minimum allocable) | false                           |
| containerInstanceMemory        | Max container memory allocation                                                 | 0.5 (minimum allocable) | false                           |
| containerInstanceResourceGroup | The resource group the container is mounted with                                |                         | true                            |
| containerInstanceVNet          | The VNet the container is mounted onto                                          |                         | only if `endpointType: private` |
| containerInstanceSubnet        | The subnet the container is mounted onto                                        |                         | true                            |
```

Author: thank you
